alone crevice zebra
he weighs close to half a ton and could
go for three days without drinking like
the macaques his forebears are refugees
from the advancing Sahara the land is
scrubby and dry but this stallion has
claimed it as his own he's been waiting
months for visitors female visitors if
they like his territory they might stay
a while it's his first chance to mate
for a very long time
hardly a success
perhaps his visitors are looking for a
more impressive partner there's another
setback the females were being followed
a posse of young males everyone arrival
it's time to separate the men from the
boys
one by one the stallion sees them off
the females had ringside seats
and his prowess has not gone unnoticed
but his MO gives way to tenderness
around here you have to take every
opportunity be it for food for water or
for mates female Grevy's are a fickle
Bunch the herd have decided to move on
all of them the stallion may never see
them again
but there's a chance that one is now
carrying his foe